	

	Privacy Policy for : 

 Range Break Out Application

TECH-SITE Technology Solutions built the Range Beak Out app as an Ad Supported app (Excluded Pro App). This Service is provided by Technology Solutions at no cost and is intended for use as is. 

	This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service. 

	If you choose to use our service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. 

	The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Range Break Out App unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy. 

	
	Information Collection and Use: 

	For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way. 

	
	Third party links:

	Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our application. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our application and welcome any feedback about these links.

	
	Links to Other Sites 

	This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services. 

	Children’s Privacy: 
	Everyone can use our applications. However, for the best experience, you should be 13 or older 
	These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions. 

	Security agreement:

	We do not collect nor require any of your personal or confidential information, so privacy concerns when you use our applications are absolutely absolute. If you suspect, or are confident that our app collects user information, please contact us for an answer.

	Changes to our Privacy Policy : 

	If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
	Access to system resources of the application
	Our apps sometimes require Internet access to enhance the app experience, and to show ads when using apps, it's the only source of funding that helps us keep up and running. Develop applications, hope you do not feel uncomfortable because of that

	Contact us:
	If you have any questions regarding privacy, or have questions, please contact us
 
via email at : techsiteraghu@gmail.com

	
	Thank you for using our application.  :)
	

